# LASSAT Bi-Weekly Report

*2022-12-03*

## Table of Contents

1. ADCS
    1. Summaries
        1. JohnB `Team Lead`
        2. FirstnameL
    2. Tasks
        1. Summary
        2. Purchase material A `Cancelled`
        3. Test the code in file B `Planned`
        4. Prepare for the meeting with customer C `InProgress`
        5. Prepare for the team's hiking activity `InProgress`
        6. Build the control circuit `Completed`
        7. The skating activity `Cancelled`
        8. Design the emission flow chart `Planned`
        9. Purchase material B `Planned`
        10. Request a visit in Company D `InProgress`
        11. Test the code in file B `Completed`
        12. Task 1 `Cancelled`
        13. Task 2 `Cancelled`
        14. Task 3 `Cancelled`
        15. Task 4 `Planned`
        16. Task 5 `Planned`
        17. Task 6 `InProgress`
        18. Task 7 `Completed`
        19. Task 8 `Completed`
        20. Task 1 `Cancelled`
        21. Task 2 `Cancelled`
        22. Task 3 `Cancelled`
        23. Task 4 `Planned`
        24. Task 5 `Planned`
        25. Task 6 `InProgress`
        26. Task 7 `Completed`
        27. Task 8 `Completed`
2. Admin
3. Communications
    1. Summaries
        1. AliceW `Team Lead`
        2. PhillipM
    2. Tasks
        1. Summary
        2. Turbines to speed `InProgress`
        3. Canceled1 `Cancelled`
        4. Planned 1 `Planned`
        5. Planned 2 `Planned`
        6. In Progress 1 `InProgress`
        7. In Progress 2 `InProgress`
        8. In Progress 3 `InProgress`
        9. Completed task `Completed`

## Team Reports

### 1. ADCS

#### 1. Summaries

##### 1. JohnB `Team Lead`

In charge of a new team, going well so far.

---

We've gotten a lot done. I want this to be longer so going to grab some Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur
adipiscing elit. Cras sit amet sem dolor. Cras sit amet nisl vel lectus congue scelerisque. Morbi vehicula sed sem at
convallis. Vestibulum vel ullamcorper ex. Pellentesque lacinia pellentesque mollis. Maecenas nec massa vitae dui sodales
accumsan a sed est. Nam ac vulputate augue. Donec lectus dui, feugiat non massa vel, suscipit pulvinar mauris. Aliquam
ornare ipsum non ante tincidunt gravida. Donec ut pellentesque ex, sit amet venenatis elit.

In a orci interdum, sodales tortor efficitur, rhoncus velit. Mauris arcu odio, eleifend vel suscipit in, malesuada non
ante. Etiam vel turpis sapien. Etiam molestie ex sed enim finibus, nec aliquam ante mattis. Nulla vehicula ante nec
pellentesque consequat. Ut pharetra magna ipsum, facilisis molestie nulla aliquam id. Fusce accumsan quam pulvinar erat
imperdiet venenatis. Etiam euismod a metus sed dapibus. Suspendisse facilisis ex vel interdum tempus. Aenean lobortis
sed justo vitae tempor. Integer vel felis in justo scelerisque rutrum. Pellentesque non porta dolor. Donec et risus
diam.

##### 2. FirstnameL

Summary body goes here. Can include Markdown [Link Text Shown](https://github.com/LASSAT-YU).

---

Summary body goes here. Can include Markdown [Link Text Shown](https://github.com/LASSAT-YU).

#### 2. Tasks

##### 1. Summary

TODO

##### 2. Purchase material A `Cancelled`

Based on the updated plan, material A isn't required any more.

##### 3. Test the code in file B `Planned`

Test the code in file B and write a result report.

##### 4. Prepare for the meeting with customer C `InProgress`

The presentation slides are half done, needs more testing results to support.

##### 5. Prepare for the team's hiking activity `InProgress`

Purchased snacks, still need to purchase the hiking shoes.

##### 6. Build the control circuit `Completed`

The control circuit of the robotic arm was successfully built and tested.

##### 7. The skating activity `Cancelled`

A snow storm is forecasted.

##### 8. Design the emission flow chart `Planned`

design the emission flow chart of the satellite

##### 9. Purchase material B `Planned`

Purchase material B for task 1

##### 10. Request a visit in Company D `InProgress`

Reached out with manager E of Company D, more details needs to be discussed in the following week.

##### 11. Test the code in file B `Completed`

Tested the code in file B and a result report is submitted.

##### 12. Task 1 `Cancelled`

With some text can be many lines

##### 13. Task 2 `Cancelled`

With some text can be many lines

##### 14. Task 3 `Cancelled`

With some text can be many lines

##### 15. Task 4 `Planned`

With some text can be many lines

##### 16. Task 5 `Planned`

With some text can be many lines

##### 17. Task 6 `InProgress`

With some text can be many lines

##### 18. Task 7 `Completed`

With some text can be many lines

##### 19. Task 8 `Completed`

With some text can be many lines

##### 20. Task 1 `Cancelled`

With some text can be many lines

##### 21. Task 2 `Cancelled`

With some text can be many lines

##### 22. Task 3 `Cancelled`

With some text can be many lines

##### 23. Task 4 `Planned`

With some text can be many lines

##### 24. Task 5 `Planned`

With some text can be many lines

##### 25. Task 6 `InProgress`

With some text can be many lines

##### 26. Task 7 `Completed`

With some text can be many lines

##### 27. Task 8 `Completed`

With some text can be many lines

### 2. Admin

### 3. Communications

#### 1. Summaries

##### 1. AliceW `Team Lead`

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Cras sit amet sem dolor. Cras sit amet nisl vel lectus congue
scelerisque. Morbi vehicula sed sem at convallis. Vestibulum vel ullamcorper ex. Pellentesque lacinia pellentesque
mollis. Maecenas nec massa vitae dui sodales accumsan a sed est. Nam ac vulputate augue. Donec lectus dui, feugiat non
massa vel, suscipit pulvinar mauris. Aliquam ornare ipsum non ante tincidunt gravida. Donec ut pellentesque ex, sit amet
venenatis elit.

In a orci interdum, sodales tortor efficitur, rhoncus velit. Mauris arcu odio, eleifend vel suscipit in, malesuada non
ante. Etiam vel turpis sapien. Etiam molestie ex sed enim finibus, nec aliquam ante mattis. Nulla vehicula ante nec
pellentesque consequat. Ut pharetra magna ipsum, facilisis molestie nulla aliquam id. Fusce accumsan quam pulvinar erat
imperdiet venenatis. Etiam euismod a metus sed dapibus. Suspendisse facilisis ex vel interdum tempus. Aenean lobortis
sed justo vitae tempor. Integer vel felis in justo scelerisque rutrum. Pellentesque non porta dolor. Donec et risus
diam.

---

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Cras sit amet sem dolor. Cras sit amet nisl vel lectus congue
scelerisque. Morbi vehicula sed sem at convallis. Vestibulum vel ullamcorper ex. Pellentesque lacinia pellentesque
mollis. Maecenas nec massa vitae dui sodales accumsan a sed est. Nam ac vulputate augue. Donec lectus dui, feugiat non
massa vel, suscipit pulvinar mauris. Aliquam ornare ipsum non ante tincidunt gravida. Donec ut pellentesque ex, sit amet
venenatis elit.

In a orci interdum, sodales tortor efficitur, rhoncus velit. Mauris arcu odio, eleifend vel suscipit in, malesuada non
ante. Etiam vel turpis sapien. Etiam molestie ex sed enim finibus, nec aliquam ante mattis. Nulla vehicula ante nec
pellentesque consequat. Ut pharetra magna ipsum, facilisis molestie nulla aliquam id. Fusce accumsan quam pulvinar erat
imperdiet venenatis. Etiam euismod a metus sed dapibus. Suspendisse facilisis ex vel interdum tempus. Aenean lobortis
sed justo vitae tempor. Integer vel felis in justo scelerisque rutrum. Pellentesque non porta dolor. Donec et risus
diam.

##### 2. PhillipM

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Cras sit amet sem dolor. Cras sit amet nisl vel lectus congue
scelerisque. Morbi vehicula sed sem at convallis. Vestibulum vel ullamcorper ex. Pellentesque lacinia pellentesque
mollis. Maecenas nec massa vitae dui sodales accumsan a sed est. Nam ac vulputate augue. Donec lectus dui, feugiat non
massa vel, suscipit pulvinar mauris. Aliquam ornare ipsum non ante tincidunt gravida. Donec ut pellentesque ex, sit amet
venenatis elit.

#### 2. Tasks

##### 1. Summary

TODO

##### 2. Turbines to speed `InProgress`

Building a warp drive

##### 3. Canceled1 `Cancelled`

abcd:

##### 4. Planned 1 `Planned`

##### 5. Planned 2 `Planned`

##### 6. In Progress 1 `InProgress`

##### 7. In Progress 2 `InProgress`

##### 8. In Progress 3 `InProgress`

##### 9. Completed task `Completed`

Here

